Hello and welcome back to the course on power by day we're going to learn how to connect to a CSP file
and load our dataset into party.
So let's go ahead and do that.
We're going to launch a power be-I here I get a few seconds
and what we can see here is this first of all the screen pops up so we can see Parbat in the background
but in front we can see this screen and here it's prompting us to sign in to get the most r of Part
B.
And we'll learn how to do this a bit later further down in the course.
For now we're going to keep things simple and we're just going to close this window so we can proceed
to Purbeck.
All right so I'm going to make this full screen.
And in order to load a dataset Now I know this might seem a bit overwhelming at first of all these controls
but will definitely walk through them and as you go through this course you'll become a very intuitive.
But for now we're just going to use this button over here and get data.
And that's what we're going to focus on today.
So let's go ahead and click that.
And here we will select cxxviii so just double click yes we that's the following.
So now just go ahead and navigate to the folder where you've saved the file months in section 2 and
there it is just like the file and click open.
So what we see here is a preview of our dataset.
Now even though it says based on first two rows it's actually not 200.
As you can see here and we're going to just click refresh.
And if your dataset has listened to Hondros will just show all of them.
And that's our case.
Otherwise I'll show the first 200.
Also from the drop down you can slide the entire data set if you like.
And the point of this preview is just to give you a quick glance at what the columns look like and how
the data is going to be loaded so you can confirm that you are comfortable fit.
And just quickly.
But we're not going to click a lot for now we're going to click edit so we can see in a bit more detail
what exactly is being loaded so we should go ahead look at it.
You'll see this window pop up.
And yes it's another window and a lot more controls.
But again they're not that complicated.
And we will go over them throughout the scores.
The main thing we're going to look at now is how is the data recognized by Microsoft power be-I.
So here we've got order date and we know that this should be a date.
The question is is part be-I recognizing it as a date and you can tell by this I can only hear on the
top that it is being recognized as a date because it looks like a calendar.
So it's this I can hear.
Then you've got you've got this region column and it's been recognized as a text column A B C This one
is Texas fans text.
This one is units.
And here you can see decimal number.
This was actually hole number.
And here you can see decimal numbers.
So it's been recognized correctly if you want to change something.
Then you can just go and for instance if you want to this to be recognized as decimal number click decimal
number.
Now it's been changed.
Or you can change it up or here you can change it to whole number as it was at the beginning.
So once you've done that just click close and apply once you're happy for that.
And then the data set is going to be loaded into power be-I.
And you can find it here on the right.
So there is your data set there's item or the date region rep the enterprise and units.
And also here you can see these some's.
And we'll talk about them further down.
But basically they're indicating that there's some sort of aggregation is going to be applied to these
columns and that's because these are numeric columns.
And if you ever want to go back into that menu and fix up how the data is being recognized you can click
on the left here you'll see this three tab tabs so this is your report or the actual result will be
creating.
You've got the data tab and you've got the connect relationships own relationship will only have one
data set and we'll talk about this for the down the course.
But if you want to go back to the data set up then you just click this data table here and here again
you can change these things up so this window looks similar to what we saw before but not exactly the
same.
If you ever want to make any adjustments to your columns here all you have to do is just click modeling
up at the top and you can just select the data type here so text you can change it or again the decimal
number you can change it if you want and you can make those same changes that we talked about.
And once you're done and suffered major changes then you can just go back to your report over here and
on before we finish the story I just want to show you what other data sources possibly I can connect
to.
So if you could get to get data again you can see that here.
There's actually a lot of different data sources.
So not only can you connect two excellences.
And those are the files we'll be working with from this course.
But you can also connect to ex-MIL text Jaison files folders as skills or database bases access databases
Oracle databases even all these other types of databases terror data Microsoft.
I'm sure you can even connect to a web page.
You can connect power be-I to a web page and get information that's play that's put in a table on the
web page is a very powerful feature.
So as you can see they've got a lot of you've got our script here as well.
You've got a lot of different data sources and as you can see there's also quite a lot of.
Be better Beira their resource connections here have got MailChimp good so and so there's still kind
of like in testing mode but that just shows that they're constantly expanding the number of data sources
that you can connect to and that's also always a great thing.
That means this tool is going to grow and get updated all the time.
So hopefully enjoy today said tural and I'll look for see you next time.
Until then happy analyzing.